OEV Rewards pages (#129)
api3dao/oev-docs: docs/dapps/oev-rewards/dapp-id.md

---
title: dApp ID
pageHeader: dApps → OEV Rewards
---

<PageHeader/>

# dApp ID

API3 uses a dApp ID to identify a dApp on a specific chain, similar to how chain IDs are used to identify networks.
It is a 256-bit unsigned integer, and is assigned to dApps by API3 in an incremented way with no specific order.
The dApp ID of a dApp is static, it never changes.

## dApp ID list

| dApp ID | dApp alias            | Network            |
| ------- | --------------------- | ------------------ |
| 1       | API3 Market (default) | All networks       |
| 2       | MyPlaceholderDapp     | Ethereum (1)       |

> | 3       | MyPlaceholderDapp     | Gnosis Chain (100) |

Author: TODO: Update these before merging

Author: @Ashar2shahid get me an up to date list of current dApps, on which chains they use us, what data feeds they use on each

## Getting assigned a dApp ID

Send an email to `XXX@api3.org`, specifying

- The URL of your dApp,
- The chain IDs of the networks that your dApp is deployed on,
- The address of the account that will receive the OEV Rewards on each network,

> - The list of data feeds that they will use on each network.

Reviewer: Perhaps remove the commas at the end of each bullet as well?

```suggestion
- The list of data feeds that your dApp will use on each network.
```
